lib: st25r3911b_nfca: Fix events handling (#11926)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * :c:func:`hw_unique_key_derive_key` function to always return an error code from the library-defined codes.
    * The defined error code names with prefix HW_UNIQUE_KEY_ERR_*.

* :ref:`st25r3911b_nfc_readme` library:

>   * Fixed:
> 
>     * An issue when :c:func:`st25r3911b_nfca_process` returns error in case when the Rx complete event is received together with FIFO water level event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where :c:func:`st25r3911b_nfca_process` function returns an error in case the Rx complete event is received together with FIFO water level event.
```
